# html-css-js-mini-project
Project Name - Weather APP

Why this project was chosen ? I want to make a simple , user friendly weather app to help user to get/view weather in his/her current location or any other location he/she wants to check of any particular location.

How did you make the project (Tech Stack, Database, APIs) ? I made this project using two technical languages: HTML,CSS and JS. HTML The HyperText Markup Language or HTML is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser. It can be assisted by technologies such as Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and scripting languages such as JavaScript. CSS Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language such as HTML. CSS is a cornerstone technology of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and JavaScript. CSS is designed to enable the separation of presentation and content, including layout, colors, and fonts. JavaScript is a text-based programming language used both on the client-side and server-side that allows you to make web pages interactive. Where HTML and CSS are languages that give structure and style to web pages, JavaScript gives web pages interactive elements that engage a user. Incorporating JavaScript improves the user experience of the web page by converting it from a static page into an interactive one. To recap, JavaScript adds behavior to web pages.

What features, technical things you had implemented ? Created this weather app using flex, Document Object Model and API. API is used to fetch data and display it. Made site responsive to work on every type of device that can be used to visit the website. Proper usage of emojis and images to make website more intaractive. Also used w3schools for reference and used mdn webdocs for studying and reading the syntaxes of JS DOM And API.
